hello and welcome back to learn English
with
Minecraft once again this is the series
where I teach English while trying to
beat
Minecraft my name is Kenzo and this is
English from the ground
up and
unfortunately I have have to start this
video with some bad news so at the end
of the last video I made friends with a
baby zombie
pigman well
unfortunately my friend
disappeared he's no longer here in my
house the baby zombie
pigman
vanished so that's sad but anyways there
are two things that I want to do in this
video let's go over here to my
signs so the first thing that I want to
do is build a
stable a stable is kind of like a house
but for horses instead of
people and the reason I will need the
stable is because the second thing that
I want to do in this video is find and
tame a
horse so in the last video in the nether
fortress I
found Saddles a bunch of saddles like
five Saddles and also some Diamond horse
armor so that's why I want to find and
tame a horse in this video but first I'm
going to
sleep because it's night time sleep all
right it's
morning let's go outside so let's open
the
gate okay so in order to build the
stable I'm going to need some wood some
planks and a lot of different wooden
objects like Signs and fence
gates um I also brought some lanterns
and some
glass so I think I have everything that
I will need to build a
stable and I'm going to build it over
there by my
barn so right there maybe
jump all right I think I'm going to
build the stable right here so it's next
to my barn my barn is almost finished I
just need to finish building the
roof right here on this
side it's so close but
anyways I'm going to build the stable
right here so I'll start by getting some
wood cherry logs wood planks okay let's
see uh one 2
3 and I think I'll make it four blocks
wide so one 2 3
4 and right here I'll Place more wood 1
3 okay so now it's 1 2 3 four blocks
wide
okay and I'll make it
maybe seven blocks
long 1 2 3 4 5
six uh maybe six blocks long
1 2 3 4 5
6 more
wood and 1 2 3 4 One 2 3 cool so my
stable is going to be 1 2 3 four blocks
wide and one 2 3 four five six blocks
long
and now I'll place wooden planks on this
side and this side wooden
planks
oh the spider is climbing my
barn I think I'm going to use my axe to
remove the bark from these logs like
this
it changes the color from
purple to
Pink There we go okay wooden planks
wooden
planks wooden planks okay I only have
one wooden plank left so I'm going to
need to build
more I'm going to turn all these logs
into
planks 57
now
okay well now I'm going to need to build
the
roof so to build the roof I'll need to
build some stairs s t a i r s
stairs um let's see Cherry
stairs I
built 36
stairs hopefully that's
enough oh did you hear my machine
activate over
there it
went okay I'm going to collect some
dirt eat some potatoes well I need to go
back home to pick up more
logs d
up the water
elevator
Ding and back
home
ooh it looks like everything is ready to
be harvested
again but not right now right now I'm
building a
stable oh no it looks like I'm out of
wood I have no wood
left so I'm going to need to go chop
some trees
down down down
down okay it's time to chop down some
trees good thing I have my new
enchanted diamond
axe all right let's
chop this axe chops wood really
fast okay I chopped down some trees and
the Sun is going down so I'll sleep and
then in the morning I'll get back to
building my
stable but for now it's night time so
it's time to
sleep morning all right let's get back
to
building oh I heard my machine activate
again
H I actually think I'm going to
destroy this
side
yeah because I think I want the stable
to be only three blocks wide instead of
four
one two three one two three three blocks
wide and I also think I'm going to make
it a little bit shorter right now it's 1
2 3 4 5 6 six blocks long I think I'm
going to make it four blocks
long so I'll destroy these all right I
made it a little bit smaller so now it's
one two three blocks wide by 1 2 3 4
four blocks
long and I think that's a little bit
better one two 3
4 one two three one two one two and I'll
Place Windows here and here
okay yeah I think I want the roof to
look kind of like
this I'll Place more
logs
H I'll Place more logs
here okay and I'll remove the
bark and the same for this
side okay
windows and
windows okay it's looking good and now
I'm going to start placing the stairs to
build the
roof stairs
stairs
stair stairs
okay
and here at the top I'll Place some more
logs
logs remove the
bark
okay what does that look like let's go
back
down
uh okay it looks all right nighttime
time to
sleep
morning swim swim
swim um I think I'll go like
this and like this remove the bark
remove the
bark
um I'll Place more
fences
okay cool
and now I'll Place some upside down
stairs in these
Corners like this like
this like this and like
this I'm actually going to place upside
down stairs in all of these spaces here
and
here and
one ah I ran out of
stairs time to build
more four more
stairs okay one two
uh there we
go
cool and the final thing that I'll do is
Place planks up there in that
Gap like
this all right I like
it these chickens are really
loud okay I'll Place more
fences here and here and I'll
place a fence gate
here ah and I'm going to need to build
another fence gate for this
side fence gate there we
go and I'll place it right here cool now
I have a
gate on this side and on this
side so I have a gate on both
sides um above the gate I'll Place
Another fence like this and hanging from
the fence I'll place a
lantern one Lantern there
and one Lantern
there
okay I think that's
okay to decorate the outside a little
bit I'll Place some of these trap doors
like
this and like
this oh an
Enderman die
Enderman
die
d d
okay did it drop an ender
[Music]
pearl
no it didn't drop an ender pearl okay
and I'll Place more trap doors to
decorate this
side all right
[Music]
cool oh and it began to rain the sun
disappeared all right all destroy this
dirt so I finished building my horse
stable so now I think it's time for me
to go search for a horse to tame to
bring back to the stable now in order to
tame a horse I'm going to need to give
it an
Apple
so I'm going to go back to my house to
pick up some apples and also to sleep
because it's
raining okay do I have any
apples none in
here only one
apple I have some golden apples but I
don't want to give my gold and apples to
a horse
no um any over here no maybe in this
chest no
apples I can't believe I only have one
Apple apples fall from trees after
you've chopped them
down well earlier I chopped down a bunch
of trees so I'm going to go back there
to see if any apples
fell all right it's morning let's go see
if any apples fell where I chopped down
all those
trees it was that
way uh-oh uh-oh uh-oh ooh there are lots
of monsters in the forest
there are creepers and
skeletons
die
die okay I killed the
creeper it's a
skeleton oh hello
be it's collecting pollen from this
flower
and it went back to its hive
uhoh oh die
skeleton
die die well this is the area where I
chopped down a bunch of trees earlier
and I don't see any
apples
so it looks like I'll have to chop down
more trees
uh-oh where's the
skeleton
aha die die all right well back to
chopping down
[Music]
trees maybe apples don't drop from from
cherry
[Music]
trees nope still only one
apple the sun is already beginning to go
down which means I've spent the whole
day looking for apples and I've
found zero more
apples I still only have one Apple Alexa
can you get apples from cherry trees in
Minecraft in Minecraft you cannot get
app from cherry
trees you can't get apples from cherry
[Music]
trees I am an
idiot well at least I collected a bunch
of wood well today I'm going to try
chopping down different kinds of trees
not these cherry trees all
right let's try chopping down some of
these trees I think these are oak
trees chop
let's
see Oak log mhm so these are oak
trees do oak trees have
apples I guess we'll see
[Music]
chop I'm seeing more sticks
and saplings but still no
apples
oh now I have two
apples I must have picked up an apple
without seeing
it okay so I think this is
working there we go an
apple
cool another
Apple okay so it is working apples are
just kind of
rare you don't find lots of
them okay well I have four apples
hopefully that's enough because I'm
getting a little bit bored of chopping
down trees trees looking for apples
so now I'm going to begin searching for
a
horse there's a
horse okay well I'm going to go that
way
horse okay so I'm going to give the
horse my
apples here we
go
4 I gave the horse four
apples okay now I'm going to try riding
it
uhoh it worked
I tamed the horse all
right um let's
see okay I'm going to put on the
saddle and the diamond horse
armor
cool all
right and now I'm going to ride it back
to the
stable I'm riding the
horse it's not very fast no but that's
okay cool let's go into the
stable oh
no well I'm going to need to change this
design what if I remove the lantern
let's
see can I go in
now
no what if I get off the horse can the
horse go
in no maybe I need to destroy that fence
post still no okay I'm going to destroy
all of
this desty
destroy
destroy okay so the entrance needs to be
two blocks wide for the horse to get
in all right in the future I'll get a
lead and use the lead to tie my horse to
a fence post inside my
stable but for
now
H for now I'll leave my horse inside the
barn o
okay for now I'll leave my horse here
well awesome I tamed a
horse tell me me in the comments below
what I should name my
horse thank you so much for watching if
you liked this video you could click the
like button or subscribe to my channel
and as always I'll see you in the next
video see
[Music]
you